[Music]
welcome to The Incredible Hulk crammed
this one is kind of the 2008 black sheep
of the MCU as it stars Edward Norton
before Mark Ruffalo kicked in but there
is one of those post-credit scenes wait
did I mention that Nick Fury was at the
end of Iron Man so it still counts let's
go
our green-themed intro title suggests
for back story of a science experiment
that temporarily turned dr. banner into
something dangerous and out of control
that ended up hurting the ones he loved
and getting him in trouble with general
Ross well it's been a hundred and fifty
eight days of out incident hidden away
in a Brazilian favela for Bruce Banner
who's staying off the radar and learning
to control his emotions by controlling
his body he works off the grid in a
bottle factory next to a supermodel but
one day accidentally contaminates
production this is serious business to
him but someone somewhere is going to
have a very memorable day scumbags get
creepy and banner can't help but
intercede although he does avoid
conflict he's doing blood work
experiments in his spare time in an
attempt to cure the effects of
Hulkamania but still without success and
an anonymous online contact that's been
aiding his research called mr. blue
suggests that he sent a little blood to
him to also try to help with his gamma
poisoning and desperate for results he
gets shipping meanwhile Stanley ends up
on the receiving end of that tangy soda
and of a Pentagon general Ross is
alerted and he's hot on Banias trail he
puts an extraction team together led by
Emil Blonsky a russian-born
Royal Marine on loan to the US it's a
snatch-and-grab operation but banners
mysterious benefactor may have made some
progress with his blood work he's going
to need some more data surrounding the
original lab incidents but that means
going back to the u.s. to retrieve it
the extraction team get into position
with their tranquilizer guns but Bruce
is already on the move with Emil in hot
pursuit for chase leads along four
rooftops but dr. banner must keep his
heart rate down
he knows it's Ross and bumps into those
factory scumbags
to help make his day even harder making
it at night to the factory he's caught
and takes a beating whilst the
extraction team observe but it's too
late and he transforms into the Hulk who
proceeds to make short work of everybody
to fix IND four darts and only angered
my live ammo and yet Emil remained
relentless but barely escapes alive
and the Hulk makes an exit looks like
banner keeps a picture of arwen with his
staff at general Ross says she's no
longer a factor
Blonsky would like an explanation as to
what the hell just happened but it's
time to go however once home he keeps
pushing on the general so Ross lets him
stay on the hunt and explains that he
tried to recreate an old world war to
super-soldier experiment employing for
peaceful dr. banner under the lie of it
just being a radiation resistance
project but he tested it on himself
realized for danger he had become and
fled the scene to stay out of military
hands Blonsky however loves the idea of
super serums to be a better fighter and
Ross gets him on board as a test subject
bana wakes up in the jungle all the way
over in Guatemala and gets a lift into
town he ends up begging his way just
over for border in Mexico desperate to
stay off the radar and keeps moving
until he makes it all the way to a
University in Virginia in order to creep
on his ex girlfriend and cellular
biologist dr. Elizabeth Ross she's the
generals daughter and she's dating
someone else he finds an old friend to
shack up with and dresses up as a pizza
delivery guy in order to bribe his way
past Lou Ferrigno and into the
university labs hoping to retrieve the
data from his fateful experiment but all
the records have been erased from the
system and so his anonymous contact mr.
blue can't help him any further
Elizabeth pops in for a late night
dinner and catches sight of Bruce but he
knows but he can't endanger her anymore
even though it's clearly a big deal for
her so she just drives around Virginia
in the rain for a bit until she finds
him on a bridge wanting to help with his
search for a cure she saved a copy of a
data before the army wiped it and kept
it secret from her father and Banner
explains that he can't go back to the
Army for help because Ross just wants to
use his blood to make a weapon of war so
he crashes over for the night and both
were on each other's minds meanwhile
Ross unsealed some of the off-brand
experimental serums from the world war
two super soldier program but didn't
quite manage to make another Captain
America and gives an extremely low dose
to Blonsky in a painful series of
injections next day Banner is set to
leave but it's too late the army are on
him Blonsky is keen to test himself out
but for now he's on reserve and chased
back through the university Banner
swallows his data and our winch outs at
her dad for being a dick
is sealed in position and gassed but its
foresight of Elizabeth in trouble that
sets him over the edge and he transforms
again into the Hulk he starts to make
short work of the army and for 50
caliber Humvees but Emil couldn't be
happier it looks like that small dose of
the serum has allowed him to retain his
humanity whilst being faster and
stronger than ever before being able to
almost keep up with the Hulk before
luring him over into the path of some
sonic cannons they almost have him but
for Hulk destroys fair tech and Blonsky
gets a little too cocky
before getting splattered like a bug
look then a helicopter gunship comes in
to reinforce for your tack but to the
generals daughter is in the kill zone to
the dismay of Ross and she saved only by
the Hulk and his sexy haircut he takes
her out to a cave somewhere in the
mountains where she gets to see his emo
side and his mood swings in the rain but
her presence seems to reach fruit and
have a calming effect on the Hulk Emil
is still alive although he really
shouldn't be and he makes an inhuman
recovery stunning for general the
soldier is even fitter than before and
ready for another round although he's
kind of looking a bit off and the next
morning Banner is back and it's
Elizabeth turn to help look after him he
gets difficult flashbacks from his time
as a Hulk but it looks like that USB
made it out the other end I hope you
rinse that their feelings for each other
rekindle but Bruce can not risk too much
excitement he doesn't want to control
for Hulk but to get rid of it so they
elope and taking steps to avoid the army
drag Nets they go and boaty themselves
into new york Ross in the meantime uses
shield to search for net for any
correspondence between a mr. green and a
mr. blue and the anonymous medical
benefactor is discovered a cellular
biologist called dr. Samuel Sterns
Banner is there to meet in person and
Stearns is down for helping with the
suppressant if they get things wrong it
could kill banner or worse for Hulk
could kill everyone else meanwhile it's
starting to look like a meal might not
be taking so well to that off-brand
serum after all but he puts a brave face
on it the science crew get experimenting
and they need banner to start hulking up
in order to generate a suppressant at
the same time it's all really gross but
Elizabeth helps to keep banner in
control was for suppressant is
formulated and it appears to have worked
stir
is hyped but mentioned a number of
previous test subjects that didn't work
and banna wants to see the rest of his
lab again the army moves in because that
keeps working and it turns out that
Stearns has been replicating gallons of
Bruce's blood to use as possible cures
to other diseases as well as finding an
antidote but it's too dangerous and
banner explains the army only want to
turn it into a weapon the blood must be
destroyed
meanwhile Blonsky goes off-book and
moves in without orders despite four
generals concerns for his daughter Anna
gets tranquilized through the window and
a meal wants to fight for Hulk but no
joy and so now captured Bruce is going
to rot in a hole somewhere for the rest
of his life while the military take his
blood and general Ross its relationship
with his daughter is essentially over
but it looks like Blonsky is done with
taking orders and is desperate for some
more super serum aggressively talking
Stern into mixing it up a bit with some
Hulkamania blood as well he's become
violent and beyond reason and is willing
to take the risk of becoming a possible
abomination so banners blood is mixed in
with Emile's already juiced up body and
it looks like he's going to be failing
his next round of wellness testing he
takes out his former military colleagues
and hits four streets looking for
trouble
so now general Ross has to turn the
helicopter around at the news of a
second Hulk but this guy is something
far worse
wait oma abomination looks and acts like
a monster from doom and Ross is starting
to wonder if his weapons program really
was such a great plan with standard
gunfire having no effect the military on
site tried to dream a little bigger
darling but all they do is make
themselves a target for a charging
monster desperate to find a real fight
this is all because of Bruce and the
generals original research and so
general Ross agrees to let Banner try to
stop abomination Bruce jumps out of a
helicopter which doesn't seem like such
a great to move at first but it's the
Hulk that pulls himself out of the
ground the two giants charged at each
other on the streets but abomination is
for more powerful so he improvises some
knuckledusters to give a beat-down
session before the fight takes them into
an apartment building Ross provides
gunship support in the heavily populated
area getting the monsters attention
whatever Hulk manages a late save they
all crash without explosion in an
lot and all the military died except for
the main characters but abomination once
more and soda fight goes on however
seeing Elizabeth in danger as for flame
start to take hold of a helicopter he
finds the strength to / Blonsky in the
wall and uses a funder clap just in time
to blow out the imminent explosion what
abomination uses an improvised flail for
a bit but for Hulk spoils his footing
and he manages to choke out the monster
and win for day leaving abomination at
the generals feet the city is safe and
Elizabeth is alive that's the military
never quits and the Hulk is forever on
the run oh my god and so Bruce Banner
continues to live off the grid
letting Betty know from a distance that
he's still out there learning to control
his power meanwhile general Ross is down
in the dumps following that horrific
shitshow and Tony Stark pops over to rub
it in a bit see he might have a use for
a Hulk in some kind of team so thanks a
lot for watching guys and I hope you've
enjoyed having the Incredible Hulk
crammed inside of you don't forget to
Like share and subscribe before YouTube
eats itself entirely and I'll see you
next time take care